Ideje:
Basic meter
najbolj indie posulašana pesem
kakšno glasbo poslušaš glede na starost/zvrst/popularnost/mood/..?
Guess a lyric from one of your lsitened songs

QUESTIONS:
Do you really listen to that?
Do your friends know you listen to that?
How old are you?
Are you not ashamed?
How did you discover this artist?
Rank these artist from best to worst
If you had to kill one of these artists who would it be?
if you had to delete one of these songs from existance which would it be?
Are you sad?
Are you mad?
How would You rate your music taste?
Why do you listen to this yelling?
How did your music taste get this bad?
Have you been to <xy> concert?

INSULTS:
I let Anthony Fantano tell me what to like
White dude who talks way too much about different weed strains.
Guy in his 40's that always talks about an old skateboarding injury
You probably have face tattoos
Someone who considers rock satanic music
6ix9ine enjoyer
Have you considered therapy?
Can you be even more basic?
Still in 2010 i love Justin Bieber era
Average Drake enjoyer
I think "" has deep music
I cant even imagine how you look like
You got dumped in middle school and never recovered
Uncultured
You need to move on
You are annoying
Who hurt you
i am at a loss of words
You know there are other artists beside Taylor Swift out there right?
i would rather be deaf than listen to that
I know exactly how you look like
You are still a child
You probably consider <x> <y>
Oh another BTS fan/stan
Do you have any friends?
Screw you mom its not a phase
Does your mom/dad/other use this account
You let your grandparents use this account
You took a week of when <yx> died
Do you have any other hobbies besides <something insulting>?
your music taste is as unique as <something insulting>
I know you consider Eminem as the greatest rapper of all time
"You have the personality of a handle."
"I don't know what cats being squashed sound like in Lithuania, but I now have a pretty good idea."
"I'm tempted to ask if you listened to that the night your wife left you."
"It was a bit like ordering a hamburger, and only getting the bun."
